[ACA-5022]Initial configuration for SonarQube cloud (#181)
redhat-cop/cloud.aws_ops: README.md

This repository hosts the `cloud.aws_ops` Ansible Collection.

## SonarCloud (code quality)

Static analysis runs on [SonarCloud](https://sonarcloud.io) using `sonar-project.properties` and
`.github/workflows/sonarcloud.yml`. Coverage shown in Sonar comes from unit-test coverage exported as

> `coverage.xml` at the repository root during CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static analysis runs on [SonarCloud](https://sonarcloud.io) using `sonar-project.properties` and
`.github/workflows/sonarcloud.yml`.  **Note:** Coverage in SonarCloud is not wired yet.
```

The SonarCloud project key must match `sonar.projectKey` (`ansible-collections_cloud.aws_ops`). Adding
or renaming the project is coordinated via Ansible Collections maintainers.

GitHub does not expose organization secrets to workflows for pull requests opened from forks. The
Sonar job therefore only runs on pushes to this repository's branches and on pull requests where the

> head branch is on `ansible-collections/cloud.aws_ops` (not from forks). That matches GitHub's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
head branch is on `redhat-cop/cloud.aws_ops` (not from forks). That matches GitHub's
```
